docs:update llgo list detail (#27)
seri037/llcppg: llpkgstore.md

>
>  1. `llgo` automatically resolves `clib@cversion` syntax into canonical `module_path@module_version` format.
>  2. Pull the go module by `go get`.

> >  3. Check `llpkg.cfg` to determine if it's an llpkg and check `upstream.installer` to exist in `llpkg.cfg`. If it is a llpkg:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>  3. Check `llpkg.cfg` to determine if it's an llpkg. If it is:
```

>
>     - If `upstream.installer` is specified, `llgo get` will run `upstream.installer` to install binaries. `.pc` files for building will be stored in `${LLGOMODCACHE}`. Indicate the original `cversion` by adding a comment in `go.mod`. (We ignore indirect dependencies for now.)
>
>       ```
>       // go.mod 
>       require (
>             github.com/goplus/llpkg/cjson v1.1.0  // conan:cjson/1.7.18
>       )
>       ```
>

> >      - If `upstream.installer` is not specified, user **SHOULD** install binaries manually.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>     - If `upstream.installer` is not specified, user **SHOULD** install binaries manually.  
```

## Listing clib version mapping

```
llgo list -m [-versions] [-json] [llpkgs/modules]
```

- `llgo list -m` is compatible with `go list -m`.
- `llpkgs`: a set of space-separated clib[@cversion] or module_path[@module_version] which is identified as a llpkg.
- `modules`: a set of space-separated module_path[@module_version] which is identified as a normal go module.
 

> You can use `clibs` as the argument. It is considered to be a go module in llpkgstore and converted to `github.com/goplus/llpkg/cjson`. `llgo list` will print the module path and the upstream of the local llpkg according to `go.mod` and `llpkg.cfg`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use `clibs` as the argument. It will be interpreted as an llpkg in llpkgstore and converted to `github.com/goplus/llpkg/cjson`. `llgo list` will print the module path and the upstream of the local llpkg according to `go.mod` and `llpkg.cfg`. 
```

*e.g.* `llgo list -m cjson`:

```
github.com/goplus/llpkg/cjson v0.1.0[conan:cjson/1.7.18]
```

> If it is `v0.1.0[cjson/1.7.18]`, it means that the `cjson` **SHOULD** be installed manually by the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If it is `v0.1.0[cjson/1.7.18]`, it means that no upstream is specified, and the binary library **SHOULD** be installed manually by the user.
```

> You can also use `module_path` as the argument. `llgo list` checks to see if it is a llpkg. If it is, it prints as shown in the above example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use `module_path` as the argument. `llgo list` will check if it is a llpkg. If it is, it prints as shown in the above example.
```
